The application does not include any extensions.

It can be run locally using :
 1. npm install
 2. npm start

It can be deployed using:
 1. npm install
 2. npm run gdeploy

The game starts on the client side showing the login/register form
On unsuccessful register or login the user is prompted with the received from the api message.
On successful they are directed to the waiting screen where the players are shown.
When the admin advances, players and audience are asked to submit a funny prompt. These prompts
are then saved locally and are sent to the api for submission by the end of prompts stage of that round.
The front end allows any prompt even empty, but the back-end will refuse to store prompts that
do not adhere to the specification of coursework1 part1. After this prompts are assigned to 
players (not audience) to answer. When a player submits an answer, if they have more prompts to answer they are asked to
else they are directed to the wait screen. when the admin advances, all answers are gathered and prompts are looped once
to start voting. Voting starts and the two answers on the current prompts are shown to audience and players that did not 
answer with buttons to vote. Once all votes for a single prompt are cast, the game sends the next prompt for voting.
When the stage advances by the admin the round scores are shown to all players and audience.
After the admin advances, the round scores are added to the total scores and the total scores are shown to players and
audience. After advancing the stage is set back to prompts if the round is smaller than 3. if all 3 rounds are finished 
the game over screen is set on stage and the players are sorted in a descending order having the winner at the top.
There is a reset game button for the admin to press and reset the game. It directs all players back to the 
login/register form for a new game to start.

The display has:
a screen for when the game has not started
a screen for when players and audience submit prompts
a screen for when players submit answers
a screen with the prompt and the two answers for the current voting, for the voting stage. The two answers are not buttons they are just to show the answers.
a screen for round scores
a screen for total scores
a screen for game over 

const APP_KEY="_fspCcwlcHWs4ODBufBc7TN2sM3K9n9B96cDwYoWeFI5AzFuq_HRfg=="
